Add RdsStopDbOperator and RdsStartDbOperator (#27076)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/operators/rds.rst

    :start-after: [START howto_operator_rds_delete_db_instance]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_rds_delete_db_instance]

Start a database instance or cluster
====================================

To start an AWS DB instance or cluster you can use
:class:`~airflow.providers.amazon.aws.operators.rds.RdsStartDbOperator`.

.. exampleinclude:: /../../tests/system/providers/amazon/aws/example_rds_instance.py
    :language: python

>     :dedent: 4

Author: ![Screen Shot 2022-10-16 at 15 18 34](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11639738/196021251-66f26876-95d5-406d-bcc8-92b68c562e04.png)

    :start-after: [START howto_operator_rds_delete_db_instance]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_rds_delete_db_instance]

.. _howto/operator:RdsStartDbOperator:

Start a database instance or cluster
====================================

> To start an AWS DB instance or cluster you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start an RDS DB instance or cluster you can use
```

Reviewer 2: Actually to make it more consistent with the rest of the doc, I would go with

```suggestion
To start an Amazon RDS DB instance or cluster you can use
```

:class:`~airflow.providers.amazon.aws.operators.rds.RdsStartDbOperator`.

.. exampleinclude:: /../../tests/system/providers/amazon/aws/example_rds_instance.py
    :language: python
    :dedent: 4
    :start-after: [START howto_operator_rds_start_db]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_rds_start_db]

.. _howto/operator:RdsStopDbOperator:

Stop a database instance or cluster
===================================

> To stop an AWS DB instance or cluster you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop an RDS DB instance or cluster you can use
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To stop an Amazon RDS DB instance or cluster you can use
```
